[MWAN] Reworked Analytics section (#13977)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-wan/analytics/traceroutes.md

---
title: Traceroutes
pcx_content_type: how-to
weight: 3
---

# Traceroutes

Magic WAN customers can run traceroutes to understand the hop by hop Internet path and latencies from Cloudflare’s network to their own network.

> To run a traceroute from a specific Cloudflare colo to your network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a traceroute from a specific Cloudflare data center to your network:
```
